Hi!
In this video, I will show you how to try and tweak the HTML example from the Web page,
the one from the course.
So I propose first to show you two online tools that are very practical for editing some
HTML, CSS and JavaScript code, and seeing in real time the result of your modifications.
In the second time, I will show you how to use the regular source code editor for editing
HTML5 files directly on your hard disk.
So, in order to use the JSbin.com tool, that is the first one I recommend,
you will open a new tab with your browser and you go to http://jsbin.com.
For the moment, we are going to use only HTML code.
So, I will work only on the HTML part.
So if you want to try the example from the course, just copy and paste the code in the
HTML part on JsBin, and you see the result instantly.
This is very practical because then you can modify the content, you can change the different values, the different elements…
You can type your own text or your own HTML elements and attributes, and so on.
You can also save your work using the "Save snapshot" menu, and if you created an account, it's completely free.
And you will be able to find back your work the next days and so on.
You can share the URL, you can share the Web addresses of your work with friends.
They won't to be able to break what you've done because it will be create a new version
or clone your own work so that your friends can work on what you've done.
The other online tool, that is very practical, is codepen.io.
This one is maybe nicer but I think than JsBin is more practical for typing code.
This one is interesting because it's got a search engine, and you can look for existing examples made by others.
So I just typed "button », and here I can see an example that create buttons.
I can see the HTML code, CSS code and I can learn by looking these examples.
So in our case, if you want to just create a new example, you just open codepen.io,
you click on the "New Pen" button and you copy the HTML code in the HTML part on the editor, and you see the result.
Don't forget to save to create an account also.
And here, you can download the result for editing that offline if you would like using the "export" option.
So "Export.zip". With codePen, I've got a zip file and in the zip file,I've got index.html here.
And if I look at the source, it's exactly the source from the example.
With JsBin, you can also download your result: "Download".
And in that case, the name of HTML file will be built using the name of your example in
the address bar of your browser.
But if you click on it, you’ve got the same result.
You’ve got an HTML file that is local in your hard disk that you can edit later on.
You can see that the source code is nearly the same.
The only difference is some comments that have been inserted at the top of the file.
And if you want to create this example locally on your hard disk, I recommend to install some source code editor.
In the course, we propose different ones.
The one I use is "Sublime Text".
So you go to sublimeText.com Web site.
You download, it's free.
You can also buy an enhanced version but the free version is ok. You download it.
And once it's installed, you can work with it locally.
So, I'm going to show you how to do that.
So, what I recommend is that you create a directory somewhere.
Here, I'm creating a directory on my desktop.
… so a new directory: "Example 1". And inside that directory, i will create the HTML file.
So, i use the "New file" option from Sublime Text.
I copy and paste the code.
I use "Save as" and i will save the page as index.html file… you can name it as you like.
"index" is very common for the main page of Web site.
I go to the desktop to the « Example 1" directory and i save the file.
And from Sublime Text, you can use the right click "Open in browser" and you can see the result.
If I change the code here, my home page "Hello W3Cx students" and I want to see the result, I just save ‘CTRL s’ or command s on my Mac.
I do "Open in the browser" or I can just reload the page, and I can see that I change the content of the HTML file.
So this is how you can work. Or you can also directly open an example you downloaded from JsBin or from CodePen.
So, my download directory, I can find back the file that I downloaded when I was working with CodePen.io.
An here, I have got HTML file.
This is the code I prototyped, I tested first using an online environment.